You can refine medicine
Sorry. Sorry.
It's okay, you're not that loud.
The sound is pretty nice
In fact, refining medicine
I still understand a little bit
Do you think I'm gullible?
Or are you kidding me?
In our Jiangcheng
Only chat with a few pharmacists
And each is the first to be honored
Like the pharmacist Luo I asked for today
Fukanishi Maru made by him
The starting price is 500,000
This is just a quarrel, but 1 million
Pharmacists are a branch of the traditional Chinese medicine system
It's just that the conditions for becoming a pharmacist are extremely harsh
I have no problem refining pills if I have inheritance.
Let alone refining medicine
In the future, I may be able to make money by refining pills
Then you are here today
Is it to ask Medicine Master Luo for medicine?
My grandfather has a strange disease
I saw a lot of doctors and couldn't cure it.
I heard that this western pill has a strange effect
So I want to ask for a lesson in strange diseases
Actually I can too